Fix wording of copy-on-write notes for git-annex (#4127)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/overview.md

> \* **copy-on-write links or "reflinks"** are a relatively new way to link files
> in UNIX-style file systems. Unlike hardlinks or symlinks, they support
> transparent [copy on write](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy-on-write). This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* ([copy-on-write](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy-on-write)) links or
**reflinks** are a type of file linking available in UNIX-style file systems.
Unlike hardlinks or symlinks, these file entries turn into a plain copy when
```

Reviewer: OK well I'm going to commit my suggestion since we need to fix the formatting anyway.

means that editing a reflinked file is always safe as all the other linked copies

> of the file will remain unchanged.

Reviewer: Right. So "the reflinked file" here refers to the shallow copy of file data (what you see in the workspace). Modifying that does not change the original data (in the cache), rather, a deep copy is created at that point (on-write).

Reviewer: On the other hand if "the reflinked file" referred to the original cached data, I think changes to that do propagate to any shallow copies. I think that's what this was trying to say, notice wording "all the other linked copies".

Reviewer: Anyhow, we should probably rewrite this completely to express the main point: reflinks seen in the workspace can be modified without any special preparation (e.g. no `dvc unprotect` needed ) and still achieving the efficiency of file links (while unmodified).

Author: I'm easy here, I think you know best how you want this section to be.

Jorge, to my understanding reflinks are not directional like symlinks. When you do a shallow copy, both are now the "original" and point to the same blocks on disk. Writing to either will leave the other unchanged. You can verify that quickly by using `cp -c` on MacOS or `cp --reflink=always` on Linux with a supporting filesystem.

> means that editing a reflinked file is always safe as all the other linked copies
> of the file will remain unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modified. This means that editing reflinks is always safe, as the original
<abbr>cached</abbr> data will remain unchanged.
```
